Fix/improve "creating a source" (#277)
triggermesh/docs: docs/guides/creatingasource.md

- [x] The `sockeye` target which serves as an event display.
- [x] The `AWSSQSSource` which consumes events from an AWS SQS queue.

!!! tip "Kubernetes namespace"
    All objects mentioned in this guide must be created inside the same Kubernetes namespace.

## Sockeye CloudEvents viewer display

First of all, we need to have a tool to see the events that come from our source.

Create a `sockeye` deployment and service by saving the following YAML manifest in a file called `sockeye.yaml` and applying it to your Kubernetes cluster:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: sockeye
spec:
  selector:
    app.kubernetes.io/name: sockeye
  ports:
  - port: 80
    protocol: TCP
    targetPort: 8080

---

apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: sockeye
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: sockeye
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app.kubernetes.io/name: sockeye
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: sockeye
        image: docker.io/n3wscott/sockeye:v0.7.0@sha256:e603d8494eeacce966e57f8f508e4c4f6bebc71d095e3f5a0a1abaf42c5f0e48
```

```console

> kubectl apply -f sockeye.yaml

Reviewer: The $ sign is missing here, but other commands have it. I don't have a preference, it should just be consistent.

```

> Forward the sockeye service locally to be able to open it at your browser, open a dedicated console and issue the following command:

Reviewer: "**in** your browser" is the correct preposition here

```suggestion
Forward the sockeye service locally to be able to open it in your web browser. Open a dedicated console and issue the following command:
```

```console

> $ k port-forward svc/sockeye 8080:80

Reviewer: kubectl

- [x] The `sockeye` target which serves as an event display.
- [x] The `AWSSQSSource` which consumes events from an AWS SQS queue.

!!! tip "Kubernetes namespace"

>     The Kubernetes namespace to contain these objects as well as the secret for AWS SQS credentials is up to your choice, and should be the same for all objects.

Reviewer: IMO this somewhat long an complicated sentence would be equally clear if rewritten to:

> All objects mentioned in this guide must be created inside the same Kubernetes namespace.

I believe this wording makes the part about the choice of the namespace being up to the reader unnecessary, because "the same Kubernetes namespace" induces "any namespace". Might be very subjective, just a suggestion to keep things short and to the point.

$ kubectl get ksvc sockeye -o=jsonpath='{.status.url}'
```

!!! tip "Minikube"
    This guide assumes that the Knative service can be addressed from your browser. When using

>     minikube make sure to configure the [Magic DNS option](https://knative.dev/docs/install/yaml-install/serving/install-serving-with-yaml/#configure-dns).

Reviewer: Is that the case though? What about https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/commands/service/?

If the concern is about Knative's ingress being sensible to the HOST header, maybe we could simply eliminate all this complexity by updating the guide to use a Kubernetes Service + Deployment instead?

I've had this manifest on my hard drive for longer than I can remember:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: sockeye
spec:
  selector:
    app.kubernetes.io/name: sockeye
  ports:
  - port: 80
    protocol: TCP
    targetPort: 8080
---
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: sockeye
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: sockeye
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app.kubernetes.io/name: sockeye
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: sockeye
        image: docker.io/n3wscott/sockeye:v0.7.0@sha256:e603d8494eeacce966e57f8f508e4c4f6bebc71d095e3f5a0a1abaf42c5f0e48
```

```console
$ kubectl port-forward svc/sockeye 8080:80
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:8080 -> 8080
Forwarding from [::1]:8080 -> 8080
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3299086/167685251-69718cd0-a7f2-4c27-b7e5-7974f9e1c324.png)

  --from-literal=secret_access_key=<SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>
```

!!! tip "AWS Credentials"

>     Setting up AWS Credentials tips can be found [here](https://docs.triggermesh.io/cloud/sources/awssqs/#api-credentials).

Reviewer: This phrasing sounds a bit strange to me, and the practice of hiding links behind the "here" word can make them feel obfuscated.

How about this instead?

> Instructions about setting up AWS security credentials can be found in the [documentation page for the Amazon SQS source](https://docs.triggermesh.io/cloud/sources/awssqs/#api-credentials).

  name: sqs-guide
spec:
  arn: arn:aws:sqs:us-east-1:123456789012:triggermesh
  auth:
    credentials:
      accessKeyID:
        valueFromSecret:
          key: access_key_id
          name: awscreds
      secretAccessKey:
        valueFromSecret:
          key: secret_access_key

>           name: awscreds

Reviewer: nit picking: It might feel more logical while reading to see `name` before `key`, simply because a key is _part of_ the secret referenced by name, and not the other way around. Details.

![](../assets/images/sqs-sockeye-ui.png)

!!! tip "Minikube"
    Sockeye's URL at minikube will need to be added the networking layer port.
    ```console
    kubectl get ksvc sockeye
    NAME      URL                                            LATESTCREATED   LATESTREADY     READY   REASON
    sockeye   http://sockeye.sebgoa.192.168.49.2.sslip.io   sockeye-00001   sockeye-00001   True
    ```

    Replace the network layer name and service if not using kourier.

    ```console
    kubectl get svc \
      -n kourier-system kourier \
      -o jsonpath='{range .spec.ports[*]}{.port}{"\t"}--> {.nodePort}{"\n"}{end}'
    ```

    Use the retrieved port for the HTTP protocol.
    ```
    # If the networking layer were using 31280 nodeport for HTTP
    http://sockeye.sebgoa.192.168.49.2.sslip.io:31280/

>     ```

Reviewer: That looks like a **lot** of complexity to me. IMO a guide should focus on the main topic, not lose readers into technical details. See my previous comment about using the alternative and very portable Service + Deployment + port-forward approach.
